Feat(web, web-twig, web-react): Hide close button in Modal (#1535)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/src/components/Modal/README.md

</Modal>
```

### Hidden Close Button

> The close button can by hidden by adding `hideCloseButton` prop to `ModalHeader` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The close button can be hidden by adding the `hideCloseButton` prop to the `ModalHeader` component.
```

> The close button can be hidden by adding the `hideCloseButton` prop to the `ModalHeader` component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The close button can be hidden by adding the `hasCloseButton` prop to the `ModalHeader` component.
```

> The close button can be hidden by adding the `hideCloseButton` prop to the `ModalHeader` component.

Reviewer 2: And maybe reword it so it matches the prop? We are not hiding it we remove it.

```suggestion
To render the `ModalHeader` component without the close button set the `hasCloseButton` prop to false.
```

> The close button can be hidden by adding the `hideCloseButton` prop to the `ModalHeader` component.

Author: updated

```jsx

> <Modal id="modal-example">

Author: updated

  <ModalDialog>
    <ModalHeader hideCloseButton />
    <ModalBody>…</ModalBody>
  </ModalDialog>
</Modal>
```

### API

| Name              | Type        | Default | Required | Description                    |
| ----------------- | ----------- | ------- | -------- | ------------------------------ |
| `children`        | `ReactNode` | —       | ✕        | Children node                  |
| `closeLabel`      | `string`    | `Close` | ✕        | Close button label             |

> | `hideCloseButton` | `bool`      | `false` | ✕        | Whether close button is hidden |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `hideCloseButton` | `bool`      | `false` | ✕        | Whether close button is rendered |
```

I think we do not just hide the butter. The button is not rendered, I think.

Author: fixed
